we are going to do an exercise of
recovery of objects to the sea from
with a pace of almost we start with
slow down the boat to calm the game by
slightly facing the wind and we
roll up the young being
then we shoot down to go down under
wind of the object in order to recover it to
a close pace to be able to stop
the boat
it's good we turn on the engine for us
help in the maneuver
once we're pretty down to lov
and we turn in stride to return
to the object
the engine can help make the transfer
we aim the object at a pace of almost
can help the engine to get more
quick
this day
hang on
when we are close enough the shock the gv and
that we rattle in pulling we put the engine at
dead point
nearly
the boat is not completely stopped
at the moment of recovery it is necessary
train to find the right one
compromise on the approaching habitat